						-*- Org -*-

* Methods
From [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypertext_Transfer_Protocol#Request_methods][Wikipedia]]:
** GET
Fetch a resource. Don't change anything.
** HEAD
Metainformation about a resource.
Maybe this can be used to get metainformation about an item, without
the summary or body.

Though if HEAD can't return an HTTP body, then this can be useful to
see whether something exists.
** POST
Update an existing resource.

Though http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/httpmethods.html
says POST is for creating.
** PUT
Add a resource, replacing an existing one if necessary.

Though http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/httpmethods.html
says PUT is for updating/replacing.
** DELETE
Delete a resource.
** TRACE
Echo the request.

Not sure this is useful in a RESTful world. Plus, it's considered
dangerous in general, so Apache disables it by default. And many
webmasters/security officers are likely to look askance at any request
to turn it on.

** OPTIONS
Returns the HTTP methods that the server accepts for a URL.

Can request "*" instead of a specific URL.
** CONNECT
Set up a TCP tunnel.

I don't think this is useful.
** PATCH
Apply partial modifications to a resource.

Sounds like this means changing an existing resource, e.g., change the
nickname of a feed without touching (or knowing) its URL, groups, etc.

http://www.restapitutorial.com/lessons/httpmethods.html
says PATCH is for updating/modifying an existing resource.

* What's the current interface?
What services/knobs/etc. are currently there?

** DONE addfeed.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-07 Mon 09:25]
   - Subscribe to a feed. Takes RSS URL.
   - (Register feed reader in Firefox.)

: PUT /feed?url=$URL

: PUT /feed
: 	OPML in body

** DONE editfeed.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-07 Mon 09:25]
   - Update information about a feed:
     - nickname
     - site URL
     - feed URL
     - groups
     - active or not
     - Username/password

: POST /feed/123?
: 	nickname=...
: 	url=...
: 	...

** DONE feeds.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-07 Mon 10:25]
   - Get list of feeds

: GET /feed

: GET /feed/123

** DONE group.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-11 Fri 08:34]
   - create a group
   - delete a group
   - rename a group
   - reparent a group

: PUT /group

: DELETE /group/-123

: POST /group/-123
: 	?name=$newname

: POST /group/-123
: 	?parent=$newparent

** TODO Group methods
   - reparent a group
   - change a group's information

These methods aren't implemented in htdocs/group.php, which is why I'm
marking the REST version as done, but still ought to be implemented.

** index.php
Nothing. This is a template.

** DONE loadopml.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-01 Tue 10:13]
   - Subscribe to feeds from an OPML feed
I guess this is a batch version of subscribing.
PUT /feed
could take either a URL, or an OPML file.

See [[* addfeed.php]], above.

** TODO login.php
   - login
Issue an authorization token.

: GET /login

** DONE markitems.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-21 Mon 11:47]
   - mark items as read/unread

: POST /article/123
: 	?read={1|0}&t=$updateTime
	or
: POST /article/123
and in body, have a JSON structure listing these for a bunch of articles.

Perhaps
: POST /article/read
in the body, have a data structure. Probably an array:
:    [
:      { id:123, read:true, mtime:<12:00:00> },
:      { id:456, read:false, mtime:<12:00:15> },
:      ...
:    ]
Might want to use an array of arrays, to save space.

** DONE opml.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-01 Tue 10:13]
   - Return an OPML document

: GET /opml

** DONE sync.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-21 Mon 11:47]
   - sync: update $ihave[] items, return the top 100 for a feed
This really needs to be broken up into components.

XXX
: GET /article
: GET /article/123
: 	?read=unread		# default
: 	&max_items=100		# default

** DONE unsubscribe.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-07 Mon 09:25]
   - remove a feed

: DELETE /feed/123

** DONE update.php
   CLOSED: [2016-03-10 Thu 08:23]
   - fetch/update a feed
   - fetch/update all feeds
** view.php
Nothing. This is a template.
* To do
** TODO option
*** TODO GET /option
Get global options
*** TODO GET /option/123
Get options for feed 123
*** TODO POST /option
    opt=option
    val=value
Set global option
*** TODO POST /option/123
    opt=option
    val=value
Set feed 123 option.
